yes
returned or lie to this account is a
plagiarism or to remember hamsik
xd xd xd xd xd cnt to fill your other
pain or parrot I do not know with what more stuffed
I'm crazy or parrot, not xd xddddd ua
What happens
stop shaking and better sport refreshment
that fell with the truth
hello again he speaks to them jan kees today in
my second video I'm going to talk about
myths and legends the first one will be of
a game of sega called are iker the
which one of the characters is the 'times'
2 is a myth that was formed years ago
when in california angels a
mother found her son dead while
he was playing in his sega saturn console
they are iker the mother when doing her
statement said the child would
he spent a lot of time playing his console
and that he is obsessed with taking a
doll or something like that when he called him
third time to go for dinner in the afternoon
of Thanksgiving the child does not
he answered and it seemed strange because
his grandparents had come to dinner as
every year and he always treated them like
kings because they always brought him gifts
the mother went to see him on the second floor and
stated that he played insistently the
door but the child did not respond to
enter he found it with blue lips
and the dilated pupils and foam in the
mouth the worst according to notes is that the child
I was face up with my eyes lost
on the roof and the television is
repeated over and over again a song that
he said can you was the one of his cinema you can
feel
of the sun
according to the reports of the angels
police department the child died
suffocated while suffering an attack
epileptic which was pretty weird already
that there was no family history of
the disease assumed that the child was
he got too excited and he suffered from spasms
what scared him to the degree of not being able
breathing the myth arose when the
family after the funeral decided to donate
his things common thing in families
Americans but gave away the
console child's best friend who
he began to browse and play the sega
saturn came with the last cd he played
the boy are iker to prove it he saw that what
last I had made according to memory
of the game was to unlock times doll
this was posted by iron 71 the friend
of the child who died in a forum and then
spread the rumor of the damn game of
fact
sega never used the character again
another game because of the psychosis that
formed and to this day the legend
of the 'times' I'm damn persists there
in several internet forums that is still
sony version that retains the supposed
damn only that here has a
stamp to block the curse
that miyamoto created for this version
they say gringos had to be x
notwithstanding this seal has a
weakness and is next play the
mode tag four characters choose a
times day and play with him
the goal is to pursue and capture
all the characters if you chase after
super sonic secret character and what
catches then the seal breaks and even
then your soul x the times where it will continue
the set
Y
of them
one two three four
take
the history
in the touring
ass in your pocket
and he always liked to live celebrated in
the army
lewis go there's nothing to do now
and I'm bored
what but what new tasks
enough stop now I want you well
I warned him
or believe that with that new thing
reached
let's run cat runs like the air is
drains like the wind in addition to these
things are floating are not running
whatever it is so go faster shit it
They are moving away but I bet that thing
will be exhausted and now what happens to you because
you are falling
you did not run out of battery, I better go
before it reaches me
do not hide
come back here you catch gays
and I almost lost that seems a
Good maze I do not want to play anymore
so I'll go to sleep for a while so
I'm going
aus
the flights to buy
if we do it and you are you
you are fucking
look one read it jong and up one more side
this should be enough to stop it
do not ask me because I do not know what
it was good the results is true should I
to run
hi i'm not yankee i 'm good no
matter this video is a compiled of
videos that I could find from jan kees and
the account is a replica of his
this is something like a tribute plagiarism
to remind a great what whole
that he retired from the stuffing and those shits
to make their chronology many do not
he liked, they started trolling already
want to make war for that have already
closed his account he now has another
where you only upload to your chronology just
I want to say this thanks ham says for
make me laugh cry or intrigue me in what
will happen in the next video you make and
I understand what you did I would do what
same
well I do not know what else to say so goodbye